
- GIf export dialog:
	- "constrain proportions" (output size respects the score page proportions)
	- resolution in dpi

Generally:

conversion of pt into internal units 
(pageformat-Tag)

handling of space-tag

system-break (evtl. GUIDO->GUIDO transformation)

several clefs with different dy at same position? 
why (test.gmn -> example generated by keith)


collision-detection for slurs and other purely
graphical elements ... algorithms (from computer grafic systems)

collision of notes in staves!

OK !!problem with Auto-Beaming at beginning of voices!!
OK invent.gmn

Beaming ... sub-beam-groups ...?
Slope of beams is wrong! The vertical it must depend alos
on the vertical distance!

-> Problems with spring/rod creation ... which element
does what, when?

Barlines across systems (incl. repeats) repeats and
barlines equally!

Turn off for Spring-parameter  -> Debug-Version?

At the begining colission between accidentals and key-signature
is distance calculation wrong?

End barline (thin + thik)


Last staff (staff with less content)
Glues at the beginning without stretch, Clef stays 
really at the beginning!
Many elements are really attached to the line-start,
maybe local undepended spring parameter.


Intensity ...  where are the drawn (associatet with)
intens.gmn (all are painted to late, except the first one)


key-change and other elements are placed really 
between notes and will be stretched only when needed
(both directions) key.gmn

Different bars/meter in voices
(Special case -> actually like arbitrary grafical elements)

autoclef for C -> treble-clef

Keith:

Tuplets:
wenn es einen Beam gibt der den gesamten Tuplet
uebersteigt,dann wird die Zahl ueber dem Beam
geschrieben.Ohne Bracket.

Tuplet part of the group use bracket. Write 
it under the beam (Partly beamed)

Notes going the same direction: Tuplet going
where the beam would go. 
Different direction: Going to the top (upside
dominates)

All dependant of space for things (contradictions)


flats for tenor-clef -> second one goes up ...

empty-support !


Generally: handling von tuplets und line-breakes
Semantics of musical elements.

Need to rework the structure how position-tags
are handled -> the problem is: when only space
information is available, the Start-Position is
not correctly set. We have to figure out, who
sets the start-position of Position-Tags?
This is done in ARMusicalVoice::AddTail
(the position-tags are collected in spTagList ...)
The Problem is: there can be tags with Position 
NULL (before events) or AddTail is really never
called, because there are no events ...

Found in Vancouver:

* rests with strange durations are painted false
( _*6/960) in schrott.gmn


* there is a strange bow with negative x-par !? 
(even if end-element is defined see schrott.gmn)


* there exist objects which are edited/managed by the GRSystem
(exp. barlines between staves and beams between staves, slurs, etc.)

borland-spezifisch:

klose2.gmn (intensity -> length)

triole schutzverletzung! OK!

generell:

OK, Meter-Sache ... maenlein geht nicht!?

staffste.gmn -> eine achtel laueft in die naechste
Note, warum?
Wegen Richtungsaenderung (nicht ausgewiesen
mit updateHals ... width)